# Reportedly LLMs: Generative Large Language Models for Proofreading Errors in Radiology Reports

This is the repository for Reportedly LLMs, which aims to build task-specific LLMs for medical proofreading. 

This repository is temporarily for review purposes; we will release a published version later.


## Overview

The overall workflow of Reportedly LLMs.

Figure 1 will be presented here after the manuscript is published.

Our work consists of four parts:

(1). Dataset Construction

(2). Model Development

(3). Evaluation

## Dataset Construction

We constructed a dataset consisting of two parts. 

The first part includes 1,656 synthetic radiology reports generated by GPT-4 using specified prompts, divided into 828 error-free synthetic reports and 828 synthetic reports with errors. 

```
Please refer to Prompts_for_Synthetic.txt
```

The second part comprises 614 reports: 307 errorfree reports from the MIMIC-CXR database, and 307 corresponding synthetic reports with errors generated by GPT-4 based on these MIMIC-CXR reports and specified prompts.

```
Please refer to Prompts_for_MIMIC.txt
```

## Model Development

We fine-tune our models using Firefly codes.

```
Please refer to Firefly(https://github.com/yangjianxin1/Firefly)
```

Llama-3-8B-Instruct and Llama-3-70B-Instruct are fine-tuned on the training set with the following hyperparameters:

| Hyperparameter    | Llama-3-8B-Instruct | Llama-3-70B-Instruct |
|-------------------|---------------------|----------------------|
| Batch size        | 1                   | 1                    |
| Learning rate     | 3e-4                | 3e-4                 |
| Epochs            | 3                   | 3                    |
| Max length        | 512                 | 512                  |


## Evaluation

We evaluated the performance of models such as Llama-3 and GPT-4 on the test set.

```
Please refer to demo.ipynb for the relevant code.
```

### Authors

XXX

### Citation

Please cite the repo if you use the data or code in this repository.
```
@misc{XXX2024llm,
  author = {XXX},
  title = {Reportedly LLMs: Generative Large Language Models for Proofreading Errors in Radiology Reports},
  year = {2024},
  publisher = {XXX},
  journal = {XXX},
}
```

### Acknowledgements

XXX
